?
factoid q plz:
Why the condition of Kopotakko train is so bad?
how does the co ordnation among trains crossing the same railline done?
How can I get the exact location of a train at any time?
Have you bought your ticket?
Give me list of trains of Shrimangal
Which services does BR provide? (Local/International/Both)
Is ticket available from khulna to Rangpu?
How many seats are available in any defined train?


ok: yes no ans
Is there a train from Khulna to Rajshahi?
Is BR making profit? (Yes/No)
Do i need to show the printed copy of an e-ticket? is softcopy enough?
Is there any new train which runs without stopping in area from dhaka to khulna?
Is train available at night to go to Dhaka-Khulna?  
If any train is delayed, is it give any message before half an hour?
Can i book any ticket?'no
Is there any train from khulna to Chattagra?



do:
Which is considered as the main railway station of BD?
When the Bangladesh Railways introduced in Bangladesh?
Who is the present rail minister in Bangladesh ?
Is Bangladesh Railway service costly?
Who is the current minister of Bangladesh Railway (BR)?
What is the next station? X por
Is there any facility of booking ticket online?
Do i know how long it takes time to reach any Platform?
How many slot of job for station master?
Which railway station is the largest station?



total:
How many trains are there from khulna to rajshahi?
How many districts does BR cover?
how many junctions are there in the route of Dhaka to Khulna?
How many train for Dhaka-Khulna route?
Hw many trains in first hour from dhaka to chittagon?
Per day how many trains are available from dhaka to chittagong?
How many trains depart from Rajshahi station?
5 ta ticker er mullo.koto
How many trains are there from khulna to dhaka?


kotokhon lagbe?
How long does it take for Sonar Bangla train to reach Chittagong from Dhaka?
What is the time of Dhaka-Khulna last trip? (usual ta e dibe)


check
dhka theke rajshahi jawar train ki!
kopotakkho train kokhn jossor theke khulna jai?


test
When does Sundarban Express leave for Dhaka from Khulna?
Is there AC in train?
What are the time of the trains leaving khulna towards dhaka?
What is the approaching time at the next station?
Fair of Shimanto AC to Rajshahi?
When the trani will arrive?
How many trains are there from khulna to dhaka?
Give me the time of starting of Rupsha?
Is Chitra express (Khulna-Dhaka) train available on Mondays?
What is the schedule from dhaka to khulna?
When train 'Tista' will arrive?
What is the departing time of the train?
What is the price of each seat of train Chitra AC?
How much I will have to pay for a AC chair?
How many hours it takes traveling from DHK-CTG using Chattrala Express?
How much is the fare for AC berth tickets in Sundarban express train?
What is the seat fare of AC chair in shuborno express?
What approximate time the train Chitra will take to reach Khulna?
